(update): big rewrite and design of docs (#118)
huggingface/hf-endpoints-documentation: docs/source/index.mdx

Here you'll find quickstarts, guides, tutorials, use cases and a lot more.

<div class="grid grid-cols-1 md:grid-cols-2 gap-4">
  
  <a
    class="!no-underline pb-8 pr-4 block rounded-xl border border-gray-200 dark:border-gray-800 bg-gradient-to-br from-blue-50 to-white dark:from-blue-900/20 dark:to-gray-900/10 hover:shadow-xl transition-all leading-none flex flex-col h-full"
    href="./quick_start"
    >
    <h3 class="font-semibold text-gray-900 dark:text-white mb-1 leading-none pt-4 mt-0 pl-4">🔥 Quickstart</h3>
    <p class="text-sm text-gray-600 dark:text-gray-400 leading-snug pl-4 flex-grow">
      Deploy a production ready AI model in minutes.
    </p>
  </a>

  <a 
    class="!no-underline pb-8 pr-4 block rounded-xl border border-gray-200 dark:border-gray-800 bg-gradient-to-br from-indigo-50 to-white dark:from-indigo-900/20 dark:to-gray-900/10 hover:shadow-xl transition-all leading-none flex flex-col h-full"
    href="./quick_start"
    >
    <h3 class="font-semibold text-gray-900 dark:text-white mb-1 leading-none pt-4 mt-0 pl-4">🔍 How Inference Endpoints Works</h3>
    <p class="text-sm text-gray-600 dark:text-gray-400 leading-snug pl-4 flex-grow">

>       Understand the main components and benefits of inference endpoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Understand the main components and benefits of Inference Endpoints.
```

**Key benefits include:**
- ⬇️ **Reduce operational overhead**: Eliminate the need for dedicated DevOps teams and infrastructure management, letting you focus on innovation.
- 🚀 **Scale with confidence**: Handle traffic spikes automatically without worrying about capacity planning or performance degradation.
- ⬇️ **Lower total cost of ownership**: Avoid the hidden costs of self-managed infrastructure including maintenance, monitoring, and security compliance.
- 💻  **Future-proof your AI stack**: Stay current with the latest frameworks and optimizations without managing complex upgrades.
- 🔥 **Focus on what matters**: Spend your time improving your models and building great user experiences, not managing servers.

## Key Features 
- 📦 **Fully managed infrastructure**: you don't need to worry about things like kubernetes, CUDA versions and configuring VPNs. Inference Endpoints deals with this under the hood so you can focus on deploying your model and serving customers as fast as possible.

> - ↕️ **Autoscaling**: as there's more traffic to your model you'll need more firepower as well. Your endpoint scales up as traffic increases and down as it decreases to save you on unnessecary compute cost. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ↕️ **Autoscaling**: as there's more traffic to your model you'll need more firepower as well. Your Inference Endpoint scales up as traffic increases and down as it decreases to save you on unnecessary compute cost. 
```

- 👀 **Observability**: understand and debug what's going on in your model through logs & metrics.
- 🔥 **Integrated support for open-source serving framwworks**: Whether you want to deploy your model with vLLM, TGI or a custom container, we got you!

> - 🤗 **Seamless integration with the Hugging Face Hub**: Downloading model weights fast and with the correct security policies is paramount when bringing an AI model to production. But with Inference Endpoints, that's easy and safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🤗 **Seamless integration with the Hugging Face Hub**: Downloading model weights fast and with the correct security policies is paramount when bringing an AI model to production. With Inference Endpoints, it's easy and safe.
```

- 🔥 **Focus on what matters**: Spend your time improving your models and building great user experiences, not managing servers.

## Key Features 
- 📦 **Fully managed infrastructure**: you don't need to worry about things like kubernetes, CUDA versions and configuring VPNs. Inference Endpoints deals with this under the hood so you can focus on deploying your model and serving customers as fast as possible.
- ↕️ **Autoscaling**: as there's more traffic to your model you'll need more firepower as well. Your endpoint scales up as traffic increases and down as it decreases to save you on unnessecary compute cost. 
- 👀 **Observability**: understand and debug what's going on in your model through logs & metrics.
- 🔥 **Integrated support for open-source serving framwworks**: Whether you want to deploy your model with vLLM, TGI or a custom container, we got you!
- 🤗 **Seamless integration with the Hugging Face Hub**: Downloading model weights fast and with the correct security policies is paramount when bringing an AI model to production. But with Inference Endpoints, that's easy and safe.

> ## Furhter reading

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Further Reading
```
